Cheerilee watches in trouble running
with the knee now pitch go as big
trouble yeah that right there was Ronda
Rousey knocking out all bark and no bite
method Coria and under 35 seconds - bug
gun and welcome to i/o trends first off
of one of your from you guys what sport
do you fancy be sure to let me know
below the web desk
[Music]
now Rhonda's last four fights they all
ended in under 70 seconds this one was
under 35 and she had some important
things to say as soon as she was ready
mr. Zeus finished as soon as she'd
walked the floor with that girl I just
wanna say we lost a really close friend
Roger on a paper who gave me permission
to use his name as a fighter and so I
hope him my dad had a good time watching
this today
prior to the fight Bethy had used some
fighting words stating that Ronda would
be contemplating suicide after she lost
this match well to that Ronda had this
the set I hope that nobody really brings
up my family anymore when it comes to
fights and I hope this um this is the
last time this girl is a superstar she
is a champ and she's going Hollywood
yeah there's an autobiography in the
works of was she's gonna play the title
role because it's about her kind of like
a mean and a mom yeah
the girl is blowing up and she's still
no D and B do nothing but she has we're
already talking about Roddy Piper let's
talk about his sudden passing and the
tribute the WWE gave 12 you don't know
who he is
we'll check him out in this film I have
come here to chew bubblegum and kick
and I'm all audible hot rod rowdy roddy
piper will the man passed away suddenly
at the age of 61 now in his career he
lit up the wrestling world like for you
before he got started at 15 he was in
the game for a really long time he was
so engaging so energetic so theatric a
lot of people loved him this weekend the
WWE they decided to put together a
ceremony where they rang the bell 10
times in memory to show the respect
there were wrestlers from past and
present they were all wearing hot rod
t-shirts clearly a lot of people were
torn up with this sudden passing and
they gave him a fine tribute finally
another sports related news we have a
smokin hot 22 year old who was invited
on a date by christiano ronaldo via
whatsapp and she denied him why well
apparently she's got a boyfriend - which
Christiano replied seriously he then
offered her tickets he's like come on
come to one of my games let me meet you
let me have fun with you let's play with
my balls
from there she said oh that would be
fantastic could my boyfriend come and
maybe meet you and to that while he went
on to say yes beautiful but it's
difficult I do not want to know man I
want to know you marry direct but she
still didn't get it take a hit lady but
uh this girl is so loyal so faithful and
so haba haba whatever guy she does have
he's a very lucky man hi guys that's all
i got for you in this video but it's
bikable credit thank you for checking
out io trends to other videos right
there click on one of those and
subscribe to this beautiful channel
where Monday through Friday we keep you
up to date everything that's trending
weird whack and hugs with entertainment
all that good stuff so you guys in the
next one and I'm Michael crowd you can
find me on Instagram and Twitter
mccready that me bye
[Music]